visit
GLUE is a four-day design-route from and for Amsterdam designers, the general public, architects, brands, showrooms, galleries, academies, and other colleagues.

meet the team
Welcome to GLUE amsterdam connected by design – where creativity, collaboration and a large variety of members converge to shape the future of the Amsterdam design scene. At the heart of our organisation are the visionary minds and dedicated individuals who form the backbone of GLUE. Allow us to introduce you to the driving forces behind our success:


Anne Pieterse - Project Manager
anne@glue.amsterdam / +31 (0)6 2478 5563
Anne's strategic thinking and organizational prowess turn creative visions into tangible realities. Her background in product design and love for connecting people combine perfectly in het work as our project manager. She is the one you can get in touch with for any questions regarding GLUE, and what it entails to become a member, and part of the GLUE community.


Aldana Alegre - Content Manager
aldana@glue.amsterdam
With a passion for storytelling and a keen eye for detail, Aldana brings design
and narratives together via our website and social media. Her background in
Interior Architectures and expertise in curating captivating content ensures
that GLUE's message reaches far and wide, resonating with design enthusiasts
and professionals alike.


Janine de Jong - Co-Founder and Head of PR and Sales
janine@glue.amsterdam / +31 (0)6 4622 1506
Janine's entrepreneurial spirit and artful negotiation skills have been pivotal
in shaping GLUE's trajectory. As a co-founder and the driving force behind
sales, she forges partnerships, fosters collaborations, and paves the way for a
thriving creative and professional ecosystem.


Guus van Maarschalkerweerd - Co-Founder, Lead in Partnerships and Community Builder
guus@glue.amsterdam / +31 (0)6 5494 0225
Cultivating a vibrant artistic community is Guus's forte. As a co-founder and
community builder, he bridges connections between designers, architects and
patrons, fostering an environment where ideas flourish, relationships blossom,
and creativity knows no bounds. Guus is also the creative mind behind
franchising the GLUE format for other creative hotspots worldwide, with GLUE
Dallas as the first partnering city.


David Heldt - Co-Founder and Creative Director
david@glue.amsterdam / +31 (0)6 1551 0727
David's multifaceted role as a co-founder and creative director paints the
larger picture of GLUE's artistic journey. With a keen understanding of
cultural entrepreneurism and its dynamics, he spearheads innovative projects
that push boundaries and challenge conventions. David's creative direction
infuses GLUE with a distinctive identity that resonates with both creators and
enthusiasts.




GLUE participants 2023
Click on the link and see the map of Amsterdam with all participating brands, designers, studio's and academies of GLUE 2023
https://2023.glue.amsterdam/




GLUE Tv
The third edition of GLUE TV was recorded in the studio of Pakhuis de Zwijger, the platform for social innovation & creation in Amsterdam. GLUE TV focussed this year on members that were invited to explore the definition of design, and stretch its limits a bit; the so called STICKY members. But we used the platform also to interview GLUE’s Creative Citizens of Honour: Wouter Valkenier, Marian Duff and Janine Toussaint. Due to the storm Poly some interviews took place onlinev As part of the ‘Stretching the Definition of Design’ theme, Rubiah Balsem, Jeroen Junte, Gabrielle Kennedy, and Marsha Simon interviewed, amongst them: Georgie Frankel, Yamuna Forzani, Shahar Livne, Chen Yu Wang and Rink Schelling. Bas de Groot was in charge of editing. In the run-up to the design route in September, you can watch them via SALTO TVv Get inspired and check out all interviews on Youtube or SALTO TV.



partners 2023
GLUE amsterdam connected by design is made possible by the support of our Founding and Cultural Partners. Their businesses are strongly tied with the culture and economy of Amsterdam. Who are they?



press 
Please contact Karin Dijksman for the most recent press release,
high-res images and other press enquires.
karin@dijksmancommunicatie.nl = dijkstra communicatie
Westerstraat 187 (2nd floor), Amsterdam
06 3100 6880


curated sticky members
GLUE embraces the creative city even more warmly than before. Designers who contribute to broadening the field of design, making it more accessible, playful, and inspiring can be selected to become a curated STICKY member. Curated STICKY members receive the same "package" as normal STICKY members, but they participate free of charge. This group of members is selected by a panel of curators; it is nog possible to apply for a curated membership. The selection for 2023 was done by Rubiah Balsem, founder of Studio Balsem, and David Heldt, co-founder of GLUE. A new panel of curators will make a selection for GLUE 2024. ‘By opening up the conversation about what design is, we also explore the boundaries between art, fashion, and design. Sometimes creatives don’t feel comfortable in one box and like to experiment with different concepts. And at the edge of the field is where it becomes interesting. It is a fragment of time that says something about the direction in which our society is moving,’ says Rubiah Balsem.


creative citizens of Honour
Three creative industry leaders have been chosen each year for their outstanding contribution to the city's social cohesion. Discover who they are!




mission statement
The power of local, connecting & inspiring. GLUE’s primary mission is to connect the local design community, consisting of designers, creatives, architects, brands, showrooms, galleries, academies, and other colleagues by providing spaces to meet and moments to share and connect. Secondary mission is to connect the general public with the design community, which happens during the three days of the design-route. GLUE connects the members the whole year round, and opens the doors to the public each year in mid-September for a four days design route through Amsterdam. The three-day design route connects all GLUE locations and provides a substantive and attractive program for colleagues and the public. GLUE includes the whole scene; starting designers as well as renowned designers, small and big showrooms, hidden gems agencies and educational institutes. Smaller brands and individual creatives get exhibition space at a larger enterprise or hotel, these so called GLUE HUBS create new business relations for the members and make the program more challenging and diverse. GLUE aspires diversity and inclusivity, has an eye for sustainability and has a focus on wellbeing. GLUE gives profile to the Amsterdam design community, and wants to connect the sector better and makes it more discoverable. All members have a spot on the GLUE stage; we encourage them to organise something sensational and relevant during the four days GLUE amsterdam connected by design. GLUE organises community drinks in the months towards the design route at various different venues of the GLUE members. GLUE brings the sector together to meet and exchange ideas, and connect creativity, inclusivity and well-being to accomplish a future-proof and better-connected design sector for Amsterdam.


GLUE Dallas
GLUE founders were inspired by Amsterdam’s vibrant activity to bring the creative sector together, now in its fourth edition the desire to expand the concept has reached the United States, with its Dallas edition set for April 3-5, 2024. GLUE dallas connected by design, will keep the essence of a three-day design-route that connects designers, architects, brands, showrooms, makers, artists, galleries, colleges and universities, and cultural organizations, with the aim of better connecting these creative fields. Dallas is the premiere market for this inaugural GLUE activation in the U.S. because of its historic civic history supporting design innovation. At GLUE dallas connected by design, designers will find opportunities to further build relevant connections, obtain contextual insight, and expand their network – all important reasons to launch in a design-forward city like Dallas. Being part of this dynamic expansion provides a unique opportunity to highlight and elevate the business of design throughout this vibrant and diverse city.




glue foundation
GLUE Foundation is set up to realise a cultural program for GLUE. The Foundation is responsible, among other programs, for the yearly nomination and ceremony celebrating the Creative Citizens of Honor in Paradiso, the curated STICKY members, and GLUE TV.

Chair: Sheryl Leysner
Treasurer: Henk Kwant
Secretary: Anne Pieterse

Stichting GLUE Foundation

IBAN: NL72RABO0363145710

Chamber or Commerce nr.: KVK85781398

RSIN nr. 863739763




The third edition of GLUE TV was recorded in the studio of Pakhuis de Zwijger, the platform for social innovation & creation in Amsterdam. GLUE TV focussed this year on members that were invited to explore the definition of design, and stretch its limits a bit; the so called STICKY members. But we used the platform also to interview GLUE’s Creative Citizens of Honour: Wouter Valkenier, Marian Duff and Janine Toussaint. Due to the storm Poly some interviews took place online. As part of the ‘Stretching the Definition of Design’ theme, Rubiah Balsem, Jeroen Junte, Gabrielle Kennedy, and Marsha Simon interviewed, amongst them: Georgie Frankel, Yamuna Forzani, Shahar Livne, Chen Yu Wang and Rink Schelling. Bas de Groot was in charge of editing. In the run-up to the design route in September, you can watch them via SALTO TV. Get inspired and check out all interviews on Youtube or SALTO TV.









Please contact Karin Dijksman for the most recent press release, high-res images and other press enquires.






GLUE embraces the creative city even more warmly than before. Designers who contribute to broadening the field of design, making it more accessible, playful, and inspiring can be selected to become a curated STICKY member. Curated STICKY members receive the same "package" as normal STICKY members, but they participate free of charge. This group of members is selected by a panel of curators; it is nog possible to apply for a curated membership. The selection for 2023 was done by Rubiah Balsem, founder of Studio Balsem, and David Heldt, co-founder of GLUE. A new panel of curators will make a selection for GLUE 2024. ‘By opening up the conversation about what design is, we also explore the boundaries between art, fashion, and design. Sometimes creatives don’t feel comfortable in one box and like to experiment with different concepts. And at the edge of the field is where it becomes interesting. It is a fragment of time that says something about the direction in which our society is moving,’ says Rubiah Balsem. Three creative industry leaders have been chosen each year for their outstanding contribution to the city's social cohesion. Discover who they are!












The power of local, connecting & inspiring GLUE’s primary mission is to connect the local design community, consisting of designers, creatives, architects, brands, showrooms, galleries, academies, and other colleagues by providing spaces to meet and moments to share and connect. Secondary mission is to connect the general public with the design community, which happens during the three days of the design-route. GLUE connects the members the whole year round, and opens the doors to the public each year in mid-September for a four days design route through Amsterdam. The three-day design route connects all GLUE locations and provides a substantive and attractive program for colleagues and the public. GLUE includes the whole scene; starting designers as well as renowned designers, small and big showrooms, hidden gems agencies and educational institutes. Smaller brands and individual creatives get exhibition space at a larger enterprise or hotel, these so called GLUE HUBS create new business relations for the members and make the program more challenging and diverse. GLUE aspires diversity and inclusivity, has an eye for sustainability and has a focus on wellbeing. GLUE gives profile to the Amsterdam design community, and wants to connect the sector better and makes it more discoverable. All members have a spot on the GLUE stage; we encourage them to organise something sensational and relevant during the four days GLUE amsterdam connected by design. GLUE organises community drinks in the months towards the design route at various different venues of the GLUE members. GLUE brings the sector together to meet and exchange ideas, and connect creativity, inclusivity and well-being to accomplish a future-proof and better-connected design sector for Amsterdam.









GLUE founders were inspired by Amsterdam’s vibrant activity to bring the creative sector together, now in its fourth edition the desire to expand the concept has reached the United States, with its Dallas edition set for April 3-5, 2024. GLUE dallas connected by design, will keep the essence of a three-day design-route that connects designers, architects, brands, showrooms, makers, artists, galleries, colleges and universities, and cultural organizations, with the aim of better connecting these creative fields. Dallas is the premiere market for this inaugural GLUE activation in the U.S. because of its historic civic history supporting design innovation. At GLUE dallas connected by design, designers will find opportunities to further build relevant connections, obtain contextual insight, and expand their network – all important reasons to launch in a design-forward city like Dallas. Being part of this dynamic expansion provides a unique opportunity to highlight and elevate the business of design throughout this vibrant and diverse city.





GLUE Foundation is set up to realise a cultural program for GLUE. The Foundation is responsible, among other programs, for the yearly nomination and ceremony celebrating the Creative Citizens of Honor in Paradiso, the curated STICKY members, and GLUE TV.

